In this part we are going to tackle the following question:
'Is there a relationship between racial and ethnic groups with the number of COVID-19 Cases? 

In order to answer the following question we chose a dataset called "COVID-19_Cases_and_Deaths_by_Race_Ethnicity_-_ARCHIVE.csv"



The first step, we loaded the dataset into a Pandas DataFrame. 
Before any analysis, we cleaned the columns names to avoid any errors when referring to specific columns later. 
Next, we dropped rows with missing values to have useful information 
We also filled missing values with 0 since the missing value implies that no cases or deaths were recorded for that group. 
We ensured the correct data types are being used which is integers in order to perform statistical analysis correctly. 
We then connected to SQLite Database, and verified that the data is in the database by querying the first 5 rows.
Because the data is in SQL, we ran a query to aggregate the total cases by race/ethnicity group. We got the total cases in descending order here. 
Before plotting charts, we make sure we are only working with rows where values are not missing - race/ethnicity and total cases and that the data type is correct. 
First, we plotted a bar chart of total cases to visualize. We found that NH White has the highest number of total cases. 
We then calculated descriptive statistics for cases by race/ethnicity
To make a fair comparison across different population sizes of different racial/ethnic groups, we calculated the case rate per 100,000 people - this helps us normalize the data. We represented that by doing a bar chart per 100k of COVID-19 case rates. The results were different here, and we can see that the Hispanic group.

This means that now we have two bar charts - one that shows the total number of cases by race/ethnicity and another showing the case rate per 100,000 people. This makes it easier to compare the impact. 

We additionally created a scatter plot between the total cases and total deaths to visually represent the relationship between both variables. 

Lastly, to answer our question we did a correlation analysis to see if there is a relationship between case rates and deaths. The correlation between case_rates_per_100k to total deaths is 0.076 indicating a weak positive correlation suggesting that there is little to no linear relationship between these two. 
However, when doing the correlation between the total cases and total death we get a value of 0.714 indicating a strong positive correlation. This means as the number of cases increases, the total number of deaths also tends to increase. Other factors like healthcase access, age distrbution, pre-existing conditions play a role which explains why the correlation is not perfect.